Google Maps Venue Viewer Using Foursquare API


Top Ten Programming Skills You Should Develop

Here are some skills that you probably need to develop if you are a newbie and are stuck in "newbie purgatory."
Alot of these things are what HS/freshman year classes gloss over.
If you keep having interviews and missing things, here are some areas you may have forgotten:

Recursion
  This is more than just understanding what it is. You should know the various forms of recursion and have practiced
  applying them.
Official Sources
  Always try to read the official source on something. This usually means the company that made the language
  or technology. Read their official docs or white papers. Instead of reading a how to guide from an "expert" online.

Mathematical Computing
  You will find this in an engineering degree but HS math courses leave it out.
  Everything you learn in math you can simulate in a computer.
Advanced programming
  Just read a book on advanced <your programming language> and you will see what you are missing out on.
Git/Source Control
  Newbs often just use built-in processes for SC, and don't understand it themselves.
Full Stack Development
  Understand how a db communicates to the front end and vice versa.
Web Services/APIs
  They are more than just a URL. Learn the different types and ideas behind them.
Object oriented
  More than just freshman year level, there is a deeper level of understanding.
  You need to know the exact details of every perturbation of using methods with different access modifieres and parameters
  You need to know every possible way of inheriting/extending classes/interfaces/abstract classes
asynchronous Programming
  An important type of programming that newbie/hs/freshman classes leave out.
  It is basically a completely different paradigm.
Unit Testing
  Once you get past writing simple programs, you should be testing your applications and unit testing should be a part of your daily programming.
